\begin{center}
\small
\begin{longtable}{|p{3in}|p{3in}|}
\caption{Building Summary Statistics} \\ \hline
\label{tab:building_summary_stats}
\textbf{Building Summary Statistic} & \textbf{Description} \\ \hline
\endfirsthead
\multicolumn{2}{c} {{\bfseries \textit{Continued from previous page}}} \\ \hline
\textbf{Building Summary Statistic} & \textbf{Description} \\ \hline
\endhead
stat.hours\_cooling\_setpoint\_not\_met                    & Annual number of hours the building was not meeting the cooling thermostat set point tolerance for all of its zones    \\ \hline
stat.hours\_heating\_setpoint\_not\_met                    & Annual number of hours the building was not meeting the heating thermostat set point tolerance for all of its zones    \\ \hline
stat.air\_system\_fan\_power\_minimum\_flow\_fraction      & Fan power design minimum airflow fraction for air systems                                                             \\ \hline
stat.air\_system\_fan\_static\_pressure                    & Fan static pressure for air systems                                                                                   \\ \hline
stat.air\_system\_fan\_total\_efficiency                   & Total air system fan efficiency                                                                                       \\ \hline
stat.average\_cooling\_setpoint\_max                       & Average maximum cooling thermostat set point                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.average\_cooling\_setpoint\_min                       & Average minimum cooling thermostat set point                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.average\_wall\_u\_value                               & Average exterior wall u-value                                                                                         \\ \hline
stat.average\_heating\_setpoint\_max                       & Average maximum heating thermostat set point                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.average\_heating\_setpoint\_min                       & Average minimum heating thermostat set point                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.average\_outdoor\_air\_fraction                       & Average outdoor air ventilation fraction                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.average\_roof\_absorptance                            & Average roof absorptance                                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.average\_roof\_u\_value                               & Average roof u-value                                                                                                  \\ \hline
stat.building\_fraction\_cooled                            & Fraction of building that is served by a cooling system                                                               \\ \hline
stat.building\_fraction\_heated                            & Fraction of building that is served by a heating system                                                               \\ \hline
stat.daylight\_control\_fraction                           & Fraction of building lighting by floor area that is controlled by daylight sensors                                    \\ \hline
stat.design\_outdoor\_air\_flow\_rate                      & Design outdoor air ventilation flow rate for air systems                                                              \\ \hline
stat.elevator\_energy\_consumption                         & Annual energy consumption of elevators                                                                                \\ \hline
stat.exterior\_lighting\_power                             & Peak exterior lighting electricity usage                                                                               \\ \hline
stat.hot\_water\_volume                                    & Annual hot water usage by volume                                                                                      \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_dcv                             & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with DCV                                                                        \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_economizer                      & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with economizer                                                                 \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_heat\_recovery                  & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with heat recovery                                                              \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_motorized\_oa\_damper           & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with motorized outdoor air damper                                               \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_mz\_vav\_optimization           & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with multizone vav optimization                                                 \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_supply\_air\_temperature\_reset & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with supply air temperature reset                                               \\ \hline
stat.area\_fraction\_with\_unoccupied\_shutdown            & Fraction of floor area served by HVAC with unoccupied shutdown                                                        \\ \hline
stat.average\_boiler\_efficiency                           & Average efficiency of boilers                                                                                         \\ \hline
stat.average\_chiller\_cop                                 & Average cop of chillers                                                                                               \\ \hline
stat.average\_gas\_coil\_efficiency                        & Average gas coil efficiency                                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.boiler\_capacity                                      & Sum of boiler capacity                                                                                                \\ \hline
stat.chiller\_capacity                                     & Sum of chiller capacity                                                                                               \\ \hline
stat.cooling\_equipment\_capacity                          & Sum of cooling equipment capacity                                                                                     \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_boilers\_0\_to\_300\_kbtuh               & Count of boilers in size range                                                                                        \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_boilers\_2500\_plus\_kbtuh               & Count of boilers in size range                                                                                        \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_boilers\_300\_to\_2500\_kbtuh            & Count of boilers in size range                                                                                        \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_chillers\_0\_to\_75\_tons                & Count of chillers in size range                                                                                       \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_chillers\_150\_to\_300\_tons             & Count of chillers in size range                                                                                       \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_chillers\_300\_to\_600\_tons             & Count of chillers in size range                                                                                       \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_chillers\_600\_plus\_tons                & Count of chillers in size range                                                                                       \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_chillers\_75\_to\_150\_tons              & Count of chillers in size range                                                                                       \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_cooling\_0\_to\_30\_kbtuh            & Count of dx cooling equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_cooling\_135\_to\_240\_kbtuh         & Count of dx cooling equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_cooling\_240\_to\_760\_kbtuh         & Count of dx cooling equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_cooling\_30\_to\_65\_kbtuh           & Count of dx cooling equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_cooling\_65\_to\_135\_kbtuh          & Count of dx cooling equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_cooling\_760\_plus\_kbtuh            & Count of dx cooling equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_heating\_0\_to\_30\_kbtuh            & Count of dx heating equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_heating\_135\_to\_240\_kbtuh         & Count of dx heating equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_heating\_240\_plus\_kbtuh            & Count of dx heating equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_heating\_30\_to\_65\_kbtuh           & Count of dx heating equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_dx\_heating\_65\_to\_135\_kbtuh          & Count of dx heating equipment in size range                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_furnace\_0\_to\_30\_kbtuh                & Count of furnace equipment in size range                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_furnace\_135\_to\_240\_kbtuh             & Count of furnace equipment in size range                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_furnace\_240\_plus\_kbtuh                & Count of furnace equipment in size range                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_furnace\_30\_to\_65\_kbtuh               & Count of furnace equipment in size range                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.hvac\_count\_furnace\_65\_to\_135\_kbtuh              & Count of furnace equipment in size range                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.design\_chiller\_cop                                  & Design cop of chiller                                                                                                 \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_average\_cop                             & DX cooling COP during operation averaged across all cooling coils                                                     \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_capacity\_tons                           & Sum of dx cooling capacity                                                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_cop                              & DX cooling COP at rated conditions averaged across all cooling coils                                                  \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_seer\_0\_to\_30\_kbtuh           & Design seer of dx cooling coils for 0--30 kBtuh equipment                                                              \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_seer\_30\_to\_65\_kbtuh          & Design seer of dx cooling coils for 30--65 kBtuh equipment                                                             \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_eer\_65\_to\_135\_kbtuh          & Design eer of dx cooling coils for 65--135 kBtuh equipment                                                             \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_ieer\_65\_to\_135\_kbtuh         & Design ieer of dx cooling coils for 65--135 kBtuh equipment                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_eer\_135\_to\_240\_kbtuh         & Design eer of dx cooling coils for 135--240 kBtuh equipment                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_ieer\_135\_to\_240\_kbtuh        & Design ieer of dx cooling coils for 135--240 kBtuh equipment                                                           \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_eer\_240\_to\_760\_kbtuh         & Design eer of dx cooling coils for 240--760 kBtuh equipment                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_ieer\_240\_to\_760\_kbtuh        & Design ieer of dx cooling coils for 240--760 kBtuh equipment                                                           \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_eer\_760\_plus\_kbtuh            & Design eer of dx cooling coils for 760 plus kBtuh equipment                                                           \\ \hline
stat.dx\_cooling\_design\_ieer\_760\_plus\_kbtuh           & Design ieer of dx cooling coils for 760 plus kBtuh equipment                                                          \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_average\_cop                             & Average dx heating cop                                                                                                \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_average\_minimum\_operating\_temperature & Average minimum operating temperature of DX heating coils                                                             \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_capacity\_at\_17F                        & Sum of dx heating capacity at 17$^{\circ}$F                                                                                     \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_capacity\_at\_5F                         & Sum of dx heating capacity at 5$^{\circ}$F                                                                                      \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_capacity\_at\_rated                      & Sum of dx heating capacity                                                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_cop                              & Design cop of dx heating coils                                                                                        \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_cop\_135\_to\_240\_kbtuh         & Design cop of dx heating coils for 135--240 kBtuh equipment                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_cop\_17f                         & Design cop of dx heating coils at 17$^{\circ}$F                                                                                 \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_cop\_240\_plus\_kbtuh            & Design cop of dx heating coils for 240 plus kBtuh equipment                                                           \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_cop\_5f                          & Design cop of dx heating coils at 5$^{\circ}$F                                                                                  \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_cop\_65\_to\_135\_kbtuh          & Design cop of dx heating coils for 65--135 kBtuh equipment                                                             \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_hspf\_0\_to\_30\_kbtuh           & Design hspf of dx heating coils for 0--30 kBtuh equipment                                                              \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_design\_hspf\_30\_to\_65\_kbtuh          & Design hspf of dx heating coils for 30--65 kBtuh equipment                                                             \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_supplemental\_capacity\_electric         & Sum of dx heating supplemental capacity electric                                                                      \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_supplemental\_capacity\_gas              & Sum of dx heating supplemental capacity gas                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_supplemental\_capacity                   & Sum of dx heating supplemental capacity                                                                               \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_fraction\_supplemental                   & Fraction of dx heating system load met by associated supplemental coil                                                \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_defrost\_energy                          & Sum of defrost energy use of a dx heating coil                                                                        \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_ratio\_defrost                           & Ratio of defrost energy use to total heating load of dx heating system                                                \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_hours\_below\_minus\_20F                 & Number of hours with an outdoor air temperature below -20$^{\circ}$F                                                            \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_hours\_below\_0F                         & Number of hours with an outdoor air temperature below 0$^{\circ}$F                                                              \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_hours\_below\_5F                         & Number of hours with an outdoor air temperature below 5$^{\circ}$F                                                              \\ \hline
stat.dx\_heating\_hours\_below\_17F                        & Number of hours with an outdoor air temperature below 17$^{\circ}$F                                                             \\ \hline
stat.furnace\_capacity                                     & Sum of furnace capacity                                                                                               \\ \hline
stat.heating\_equipment                                    & Sum of heating equipment capacity                                                                                     \\ \hline
stat.interior\_electric\_equipment\_eflh                   & Annual interior electric equipment effective full load hours                                                          \\ \hline
stat.interior\_electric\_equipment\_power\_density         & Interior electric equipment power density                                                                             \\ \hline
stat.interior\_lighting\_eflh                              & Annual interior lighting effective full load hours                                                                    \\ \hline
stat.interior\_lighting\_power\_density                    & Interior lighting power density                                                                              \\ \hline
stat.internal\_mass\_area\_ratio                           & Ratio of internal mass to floor area                                                                                  \\ \hline
stat.occupant\_density\_ppl\_per\_m\_2                     & Occupant density, people per unit area                                                                                \\ \hline
stat.occupant\_eflh                                        & Effective full load hours of occupants                                                                                \\ \hline
stat.average\_window\_shgc                                 & Solar heat gain coefficient of windows                                                                                \\ \hline
stat.average\_window\_u\_value                             & Conductivity of windows                                                                                               \\ \hline
stat.window\_to\_wall\_ratio                               & Ratio of window area to exterior facade area                                                                          \\ \hline
stat.zone\_hvac\_fan\_power\_minimum\_flow\_fraction       & Fan power minimum flow fraction for zone HVAC equipment                                                               \\ \hline
stat.zone\_hvac\_fan\_static\_pressure                     & Fan static pressure for zone HVAC equipment                                                                           \\ \hline
stat.zone\_hvac\_fan\_total\_efficiency                    & Fan total efficiency for zone HVAC equipment                                                            \\ \hline             
% \end{tabular}
\end{longtable}
\end{center}